welcome to paradise welcome to the
Robinson Club maldives a whole island
exclusively for Robinson gas
in this stylish feel-good club you
reside in a gorgeous above water
bungalow next to one of the most
beautiful and most intact coral reefs in
the Maldives enjoy the sea view like
this
or like this
your beach starts almost from the foot
of your bed
refreshingly different showering in the
open air
step off the terrace straight into the
water
dive into the wonderful underwater world
of the Indian Ocean
you
or sail the seas into a new adventure
in the well fit spa relax and get back
to yourself with beauty treatments I
aveda or a partner massage surrounded by
palm trees and mangroves
perfect equipment means perfect training
and afterwards relax or create
here everyone is in his element
enjoy the company
share the mood of the moment
and savor the very best in the dust edel
restaurant
in the main restaurant
or as a reclining dinner look at the
world from a different perspective
with live music under the starry sky
take time to discover your emotions
Robinson club maldives